The question of what learning rate to use is pretty much
a research question itself but here's a general rule.
If your learning rate is too big then you're taking huge steps which could be fast at
the beginning but you may miss the minimum and keep
going which will make your model pretty chaotic.
If you have a small learning rate you will make
steady steps and have a better chance of arriving to your local minimum.
This may make your model very slow, but in general,
a good rule of thumb is if your model's not working,
decrease the learning rate.
The best learning rates are those which
decrease as the model is getting closer to a solution.
We'll see that Keras has some options to let us do this.